What is causing Venezuela's 56% inflation rate ...
To whom does the US Electoral College give an advantage in a presidential ... There's no way that can happen on the scale needed to produce a 56% inflation rate.
Inflation Rates - Who does it benefit? : cheatatmathhomework
Mary Expects the inflation rate to be 5%, and she is willing to pay a real interest rate of 3%. Joe expects the inflation rate to be 5%, and he is...
Jim Rogers: Inflation Will Consume US : Economics
How could the US waste 2-4 years waiting for the economy to normalize, inflation to occur ... What is the inflation rate now? What will it be in six months?
What is the current inflation rate of ether? : ethereum
So for example, Bitcoin's inflation rate is about ~ 9%. Comparatively, what is ether's inflation rate? does it have a halving schedule? does it...
Misinformation about ETH supply and inflation rate : ethereum
There's a lot of misinformation on various forums (bitcointalk, reddit, twitter) regarding the target supply of ETH and the expected inflation rate.
UK inflation rate rises to 0.6% : unitedkingdom - reddit.com
UK inflation rate rises to 0.6% ... Biggest upward effect on the month in #CPI #inflation was ... the caustic irony is that it's not Jeremy Corbyn that's sending ...
BBC News - UK inflation rate falls to 2.8% in July : worldnews
US internal news/US politics; Editorialized titles; Misleading titles; Editorials ... UK inflation rate falls to 2.8% in July . submitted 3 years ago by DVXT.
ELI5: How do Central Banks' interest rates affect inflation ...
ELI5: How do Central Banks' interest rates affect inflation or the strength of a currency? (self.explainlikeimfive) ... USA interest rate = .5% Aus interest rate = 2.5%.
Chart of Bitcoin inherent inflation rate. (TIL it is ...
Join us on IRC. chat ... However currently the demand for Bitcoin is growing faster than the Inflation rate. The average inflation Bitcoin will experience over the ...
A Case of Hyperinflation in a Virtual Economy : truegaming
Some of you might have heard of the hyperinflation that happened in Diablo 3. However, the hyperinflation rates there pale in comparison to the hyperinflation rates ...
Ethereum's inflation rate is currently requiring over $100 ...
You hear all the time people upset about governments inflating their currencies (like the US dollar), ... The inflation rate is currently around 15%, ...
Bitcoin monetary inflation is 4% per year, down from 50-30% ...
Because it flies in the face of the "experts" telling us that inflation is good, ... This reduces the effective monetary inflation rate. permalink; embed; save ...
Console prices adjusted for inflation : Infographics
Also you can use any xbox 360/1 controller wired OR use xbox one wireless with this http://www.xbox.com/en-US ... http://inflationdata.com/Inflation/Inflation_Rate ...
Inflation history of all Euro Area countries (including ...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inflation_targeting. The US Federal Reserve's ... (riskless) and the inflation rate is 2%, you have, in fact, ...
U.K. Inflation Rate Surges to Highest in Almost Two Years ...
Inflation rate 2011 ... good in relatively small quantities as it devalues debt and doesn't make us poorer. Then there's supply-side inflation from increasing prices ...
Gold Mine Inflation (What to do?) : eu4 - reddit.com
I can't stand inflation from gold mines, am I missing something about them? What am I meant to do about the inflation from these provinces?
Bitcoin Inflation rate (by block height) : Bitcoin - reddit.com
Does inflation 'take' money from the poor and give it to the ...
With a fixed rate home mortgage inflation is beneficial to the borrower, ... you don't get raise that counteracts inflation. This has happened a lot in US, ...
How would an Islamic economy deal with the problem of ...
Not a lack of inflation under fiat currency. You can look at US inflation rates going back to the 1700s and see the huge fluctuations to see what I am talking about.
Why the Fed Isn't Igniting Inflation : Economics
If you look at that list more closely you'll notice that Trillion% inflation rates are not uncommon to hyper ... Debt and inflation are what got us into this mess in ...
Inflation 'set to soar to 4% by late 2017' - BBC News • /r ...
I wouldn't mind high inflation if the savings interest rates went with ... I mean we could afford up to 10% inflation but that just means less safety net for us, Yay ...
UK inflation rate rises to 0.6% : ukpolitics - reddit.com
They didn't cut rates to handle inflation from import prices, ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for Android; mobile website; buttons <3; reddit ...
Fed interest rate explanation. : Libertarian - reddit.com
The fed actually DID print billions of dollars. So why didn't it cause inflation? ... http://www.statista.com/graphic/5/191077/inflation-rate-in-the-usa-since-1990.jpg.
Did inflation exist in the ancient world? : AskHistorians
Why was Mexico beaten so badly against the US. ... it's important to define what inflation actually ... we may say that the rate of inflation has been 100% per ...
From 3% Interest Rate to 0.05% savings account: What happened ...
Saving From 3% Interest Rate to 0.05% savings account: What happened? From AUS to USA (self.personalfinance) ... Also of note is that current inflation rate is under 2%.
Opinions on hedging against the US dollar and inflation? Gold ...
If you compare year to year inflation rates with year to year gold price changes, ... The US dollar being devalued doesn't really matter if you don't hold that currency.
If USD inflation is expected, why is the USD rising? : investing
... and military spending are all expected to generate inflation. ... I think it has to do with the expectation of raising interest rates in ... contact us; apps ...
Econ-Macroeconomics (inflation rate) : HomeworkHelp
Tell us what is holding you up. Where are you in the process? ... The formula I learned for inflation rate is : inflation rate for year 2 = ...
Inflation Rpg • /r/incremental_games - reddit
D&D gold inflation : DnD - reddit.com
So for the current quest that we are on, we ended up in the future, Samurai Jack style. Is there an inflation rate for gold?
2
XB1 Market and (Hyper-)Inflation Rate : elderscrollsonline
While the rest of us are having an educated and intelligible conversation about the current economy ... I live on a country with a 40% inflation rate PER year, ...
Inflation Rpg • /r/incremental_games - reddit
D&D gold inflation : DnD - reddit.com
So for the current quest that we are on, we ended up in the future, Samurai Jack style. Is there an inflation rate for gold?
What's the inflation rate of REP? : Augur - reddit.com
Whatever the inflation rate of ETH is at that point becomes kind of irrelevant because so long ... When you manage to bring one back from the dead let us know ...
Inflation Calculator : runescape - reddit.com
Does anyone know of a way to check the value of money/buying power from a certain time in the history of RS? For example, back in 06 or 07, I saw...
Inflation is part of free market economics : badeconomics
The notion that governments control inflation like they control the tax rate is over ... that's hyper-inflated its way to the "everyone uses US Dollars" stage ...
Grade distributions and inflation at UW : uwaterloo
The rate of inflation in fourth year level AHS and Engineering courses (about 12% in a decade) ... I've noticed when applying to US jobs online, ...
Bank of Canada, Ottawa renew inflation target at 2% ...
The bigger problem would be if the Fed hikes the US into another recession, ... The rate of inflation is the rate at which consumer prices rise. That is, ...
Bank governor Mark Carney says inflation will rise - reddit.com
However inflation can be self-reinforcing and it might also give us higher inflation expectations and ... with their 0.05% interest rates aren't seeing any inflation?
US Dollar Value Hits 14-year High : news - reddit.com
Contrast this with a stable inflation rate, that does the opposite -- spend it today, ... For many reasons the US has become the best place to invest your money.
Romania Inflation Rate at a record low - reddit.com
Romania Inflation Rate at a record low ... π Rendered by PID 29576 on app-70 at 2016-10-14 18:27:34.703264+00:00 running 57dd115 country code: US. ...
What is the root cause of economic inflation, and why are we ...
tl;dr Inflation/deflation is a change in the ratio of Money to goods. Inflation causes the purchasing power of the dollar to decrease. There are many measures in ...
Adjusting your "number" for inflation? : financialindependence
Adjusting your "number" for inflation? ... I don't know about the US, ... but what if you make a rule of adjusting your savings rate each year to track the inflation ...
U.S. Headed for a Second Great Depression? : economy
This article relies on the misery index which adds the unemployment rate to the inflation rate. Since obama has been president the misery index has only slighltly ...
How much would 6000 Russian Rubles in the 1870s be worth in ...
How much would 6000 Russian Rubles in the 1870s be worth in USD today? ... We can go the other way and look at currency exchange rates. ... (inflation calculator) ...
Cable TV Prices Have Risen at Double Inflation Rate for 20 ...
and how many of us who have been screwed by these current ISPs are not going to jump ship ... X Prices Have Risen at Double Inflation Rate for 20 Years. The question ...
Short R1 relating to inflation and economic growth - reddit.com
Even if the United States was in a period of high ... Brazil had an average inflation rate of 42 percent but was one of the fastest-growing economies in ...
Was pre-war currency suffering from inflation? : falloutlore
Unfortunately for us we don't know the initial housing prices and how they changed ... That scarcity may also affect inflation rates as well. permalink; embed; save ...
Does inflation rate affect app store prices? : AskMarketing
In any case, what does affect the prices of apps?
[Persian] Inflation rates continue to fall, according to ...
ELI5: Why does inflation need to exist, and what ... - reddit
reddit: the front page of ... Inflation is a tool used to control the economy by encouraging people to ... They can only print more dollars and control the rate of ...
Created this table showing the inflation of transfer fees in ...
tl;dr Got board spent too much on Reddit and created a table that hopefully showing inflation of transfer fees in association football. Story...
UK inflation fell to 0.9% in October - BBC News • /r ...
The jobless rate fell to 4.8% in the ... have about as much success of "guessing" what inflation will be as the rest of us. Check out their inflation fan ...
U.S. short sellers betting on Canadian housing crash: 'An ...
An increased inflation rate would also mean the US economy is picking up steam, thereby, and hopefully, bringing up the world's economies. So really, ...
Cable TV price increases have beaten inflation for every ...
Business Cable TV price increases have beaten inflation for every ... Comcast did the same for us recently when ... $4 billion in tax breaks and sanctioned rate hikes ...
Argentina/Patagonia: Inflation&Travelbudget : backpacking
With inflation in Argentina I am quite confused ... Charle's Schwabb is great if your a US citizen. Inflation is still a huge issue but the floating rate corrects ...
Minimum wage since 1938 with inflation adjustments • /r ...
ZEC Inflation : ethtrader - reddit.com
ZEC Inflation. 29 points · 7 ... so far 200 members have sent us ... I just hope people understand the numbers before buying in. Personally I think I'll wait until ...
88% of all US inflation since 1990 has come from increases in ...
88% of all US inflation since 1990 has come from increases in the ... but the rate of real growth has been much slower whilst the inflation rate has been much ...
UK inflation rises to 1.0% in September - BBC News : business
Tesla Made More Than The Entire US Oil Industry Last Quarter ... UK inflation rises to 1.0% in ... In the hours since the inflation rate was announced? permalink; embed;
Inflation-based economy is essentially a SCAM perpetuated by ...
Obviously the rate of inflation is can drive the demand/supply of credit but ... If you invested in productive assets such as the US stock market over the ...
[Misc] Inflation set to increase to 4%, what can I do to ...
With rising inflation the Bank of England would usually raise interest rates to control it (This increases cost of borrowing and discourages spending.
[Graduate Economics] Price level and inflation - I know the ...
Tell us what is holding you up. ... (inflation rate) = (change in price)/(original price)*100. Which gives rates of 5.29% and 3% for copper and overall inflation ...
Why doesn't the Fed target a 0% inflation rate? /u ...
Fed Officials Challenge Decades of Accepted Wisdom on ...
By your definition I guess the United States is a 3rd world country. ... using the Austrian definition the Fed knows the inflation rate to the penny, ...
ELI5: Why is inflation considered good thing? : explainlikeimfive
... inflation punishes those who refuse to invest their money but ... government agencies create policies and interest rates that attempt to influence ... US. ...
ELI5: Why can't the whole world switch to one currency ...
... Why can't the whole world switch to one currency? ... This inflation rate would be beneficial or hurtful based on the economic ... The USA is a good ...
What's your personal rate of inflation? : financialindependence
Has anyone here been tracking their expenses long enough (5+ years) to be able to calculate their personal rate of inflation? I think this is a...
We're all inflation hawks now: hyperinflation is coming ...
As soon as inflation starts happening again, the fed will push interest rates up, ... contact us; apps & tools;
The importance of keeping inflation low : ethereum
This is why Ethereum needs to pay attention to the inflation rate. 3 comments; share; all 3 comments. ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for ...
How do you account for inflation? : financialindependence
I am looking for some guidance on what rate to use to account for inflation in my FI prediction models. Is there a best practice or rule of thumb...
ELI5: Is inflation taken into account when calculating the US ...
The US' Debt-to-GDP ratio has gone consistently ... the interest rate on the loans will likely go up and the interest rate is pretty much tied to inflation rates ...
Inflation Comparison: Lisk Vs Ethereum : CryptoCurrency
Vlad is a proponent for zero inflation whereas Vitalik wants a rate slightly higher to account for lost/trapped coins. ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone;
Why Aren't we seeing massive inflation with this insane ...
A period of time in which inflation rates was at historic historic high while short term demand ... This was a supply constrained economy that drove us into the ...
U.S. consumer price gains slow; underlying inflation ...
This undermines the notion that excessive exchange rate volatility will prohibit ... they'd probably be able to get PCE inflation to 2% ... contact us; apps ...
The Dangers of Inflation : polandball - reddit.com
Least productive sectors only thing keeping inflation going ...
The main point is that most inflation in the US since 1990 has come from ... but the rate of real growth has been much slower whilst the inflation rate has been ...
Cable TV prices have been increasing at 4x the rate of ...
reddit: the front page of ... Cable TV prices have been increasing at 4x the rate of inflation ... The US needs to wake up and look at what other countries ...
Inflation in Venezuela seen hitting 1,500% in 2017 as crisis ...
I kind of like lifestyle inflation. : financialindependence
It was in the more "Traditional" MMM sense of extreme frugality and maximizing savings rate. ... Its not really "lifestyle inflation" to spend money on ... US. ...
3
What should the salary cap inflation rate be set to in ...
... The inflation rate isn't about each year's inflation ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for Android; mobile website; buttons <3; reddit gold;
ELI5: Will inflation continue indefinitely or could we 'reset ...
It is certainly possible to "reset" inflation, but there's no point in doing so. Hypothetically, for example, the US government could say "In 2050, we're going to do ...
I kind of like lifestyle inflation. : financialindependence
It was in the more "Traditional" MMM sense of extreme frugality and maximizing savings rate. ... Its not really "lifestyle inflation" to spend money on ... US. ...
UK inflation expectations rocket to 3.5% - FT : unitedkingdom
Join us on IRC at irc.snoonet.org #uk. ... It's more based on the fact that if they have to put the interest rate due to the increased inflation, ...
Inflation in MMOs (including Runescape) explained - reddit.com
Actually, 4% in the real world isn't bad either as long as it is a predictable rate of interest or is an inflation target by the central bank.
ELI5: "Healthy" levels of economic inflation. : explainlikeimfive
reddit: the front page of the internet. jump to content. my subreddits. announcements Art AskReddit askscience aww baseball blog books creepy dataisbeautiful DIY ...
We have seen rampant inflation in Zimbabwe. What is the ...
With the official inflation rate over 230e6% p.a. (and unofficial estimates much higher), ... The government needs to add another currency, like US$, ...
Liam Dann: Inflation now at dangerously low level : newzealand
Can someone tell me why low inflation ... the reserve bank has little room left to more in regard to interest rates, and they have little means to pull us out of ...
Why does China artificially inflate its currency and what ...
China went from a pegged exchange rate against the US dollar to a managed ... economy's inflation rate. ... US producers w/r/t selling goods in the United States.
Monetary Policy Update : EthereumClassic - reddit.com
Tell Us Here! 21 · 12 comments ... and while Option 2 also has its 3% inflation rate occur sooner that bitcoin, Option 1 takes slightly longer than bitcoin (just a ...
A small analysis of possible inflation/deflation in the OSRS ...
The main thing we have going for us is 1/10th the player base RS2 had in its hayday. This means inflation increases at a much slower rate.
ELI5: Why is inflation good for an economy? : explainlikeimfive
Inflation isn't completely good for an economy, what is good for an economy is the right amount of inflation. Traditionally, this is around 5-8%.
Yellen wants inflation. : StockMarket - reddit.com
Treasuries are not on a variable rate. As long as the US government doesn't issue new notes to pay ... It's runaway inflation - but only inflation of the things rich ...
The Great Inflation Fraud: Why won't the government admit ...
With inflation being such a big concern and with the oil and gold prices being where they are, Bendover Bernanke's 50 point rate cuts recently might be the most ...
Level Inflation? : pokemon - reddit.com
Rate-my-Play Saturdays /r/dugtrio: ... Level Inflation? (self.pokemon) ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for Android;
Some inflation math to give people a better idea how much the ...
Some inflation math to give people a better idea how much the characters got paid at the end of season 3.
i am stuck at inflation rpg please help me! : incremental_games
This subreddit is for us lovers of games that ... putting all the rest into luck will optimize your drop rate. ... inflation-rpg.wikia.com/wiki ...
Why don't Central Banks lie about the inflation rate? : finance
If they lie and tell everyone the inflation rate is 2%, consumers will not delay spending or prepone spending as 2% is considered a natural rate...
U.S. Economy Grew by 161,000 Jobs in October; Unemployment ...
/r/worldnews - from outside the USA only /r/SyrianCivilWar - about the conflict in Syria /r ... UNEMPLOYMENT RATES: U3 ... That's not even par with inflation, ...
Inflation VS Deflation is too simplistic an argument. Here's ...
Remember that inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon. Prices are only an indication of the size of the money supply, and a very inaccurate one at ...
Bank of England warns households to expect sharp rise in ...
Join us on IRC at irc.snoonet.org #uk. ... Inflation rate =/= interest rates. Bank of England is running out of rope to pull on, ...
ELI5:If inflation is the norm, will all countries eventually ...
As inflation is kind of the norm in the world (a little of it is positive for the economy), wouldn't there be a need for countries to eventually...
US Producer Prices Inflation Flat Last Month : finance
Why focus on the Fed Rate hike? ... US Producer Prices Inflation Flat Last Month . submitted 1 month ago by drivefaster Managing Director. 1 comment;
What would a crown be worth in today's money, adjusted for ...
What do the numbers under "Printed in the United States of America" mean ... The pre-1990 coins have lost value due to inflation at the same rate as all other ...
What is the plan with inflation? Percentage based or absolute ...
When Ethereum moves to PoS it'll have a small inflation rate. Will this inflation rate be percentage based? (1%-7%?) or based on an absolute...
ELI5: Is inflation ever going to stop? Will chocolate bars ...
Maybe the US won't be around that long. ... At average historical rates of inflation, something that currently costs $1 will cost $1,000 in approximately 350 years.
PSA: Inflation does NOT equal net cash flow : 2007scape
Inflation is the rate at which the general level of prices for goods and services is rising ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for Android ...
One Quick Question about Interest Rates and Inflation : econhw
"You have gone to the bank to borrow money for one year. The nominal rate is 7.5%. The real rate of interest is 4%. Over the course of the year,...
ELI5: Inflation. : explainlikeimfive - reddit.com
I've never finished to grasp the concept of inflation in economy, but would love to since I'm getting quite old to still not know what it is.
CNBC Tells Peter Schiff Falling Dollar Is A Good Thing - Oct ...
First of all, the typical rate of inflation in the United States is actually on the low end when compared to inflation rates around the world.
Monero Inflation - reddit.com
Hey /r/Monero. Someone on IRC was asking for the current inflation rate of Monero, and after a lot of annoyance trying to find an up-to-date way...
ELI5: When adjusted to inflation, why does everything cost ...
Let's assume 3% a year. 1.03 (inflation rate) * 65 (years) * $0.75/hour = $ ... It mostly depends on supply and demand, 50 years ago only the US made certain ...
How much does a rising US Fed rate increase US government ...
If the Federal Reserve increased its interest rate to say 5% how much would the US government have ... current interest rates, growth rates, and inflation ...
Is the inflation hidden in derivatives? : finance
Isn't inflation a rise in the price of goods and services? If consumer goods are not rising in price, I'm not sure whether it can be called inflation.
Iceland Forgives Entire Population Its Debt. Total US Media ...
Iceland Forgives Entire Population Its Debt. Total US ... A lot of people in Iceland have these weird mortgages where the debt increases based on the inflation rate.
GDP that ass : MURICA - reddit.com
Taking into account the Inflation rate of 2% ... Germany, and many others in an international community United and bound by the friendship of the United States.
Pray for Inflation? Seriously? : Economics - reddit.com
This is why the article advocates inflation ... The overall result of both systems is that you lose money at the same rate in both systems, ... contact us; apps & tools;
What is Litecoin's inflation rate (coin emission rate ...
Inflation and the Fall of the Roman Empire : Economics
The interest rate effect on private ... the United States government is ... This is a transcript of Prof. Joseph Peden's 50-minute lecture "Inflation and the Fall of ...
Help me understand Jill Stein's student debt policy to me ...
The recent history of money supply versus inflation rates in the US shows essentially zero correlation.
[Question] If we had a UBI, would that cause inflation ...
But good inflation rates are usually relatively low ... The US government has been printing money like it's going out of fashion to race against collapsing money ...
ELI5: What is the point of inflation? : explainlikeimfive
ELI5: Why do we have inflation? : explainlikeimfive
Inflation of currency. jump to content. my subreddits. announcements Art AskReddit askscience aww blog books creepy dataisbeautiful DIY Documentaries EarthPorn ...
Why the inflation? : bladeandsoul - reddit.com
Around a week ago [in NA Mushin], Stingers were worth ~2.2g/e. Now it's 2.8-2.9g/e. Purification Jar was 20g ~2-3 weeks ago, now it's...
Trump adviser backs off plan to wipe out U.S. debt in 8 years
It's us vs them, and Trump is for us, so we vote ... there was a new phenomenon going on called "stagflation" which is a situation in which the inflation rate is high
The economy in Venezuela is so messed up, it's ... - reddit
reddit: the front page of ... this past summer he moved to the US because he did not see things picking up and had to leave the proffesion he ... The Inflation rate ...
Raw beast hide inflation? : woweconomy - reddit.com
Has the spawn rate for Starlight Rose been increased? ... Raw beast hide inflation? ... contact us; apps & tools;
ELI5: why cant a government fix inflation by knocking zeros ...
Why don't retirement calculators always leave out inflation ...
Why do virtually all online retirement calculators include inflation? It seems like inflation is an unnecessary variable, it confounds most other...
The U.S national debt is more than all the world's physical ...
You could do the same thing if you could convince a bank to lend you money at a rate below inflation. ... Fitch and Moody's rates US debt at its highest rating ...
4
Staking reward and inflation : blackcoin - reddit.com
Help us pick our first 10 exchanges and ... but BLK inflation is around 0.95% which is distributed to only fraction of the shareholders the reward rate is above ...
What are the RBA and interest rate implications of the Trump ...
All of those things point to inflation. USA has already become a prime destination for foreign investment ... may trigger an interest rate raise in the US.
Question for Non-resident Indias [x-post from personalfinance ...
If you are still in the US, then the INR inflation rate doesn't matter right? Of course I can't argue about the exchange rate risk. permalink; embed; save; parent;
ELI5: How does currency work in the world markets in terms of ...
To add to this, inflation is just an increase in the supply of dollars. All things equal, an increase in supply causes a decrease in value, so the exchange rate goes ...
Controlling inflation in a crypto currency : CryptoCurrency
I'm curious if a crypto currency's inflation rate could be controlled dynamically from within its network. freicoin has a built-in demurrage rate...
Runescape's Inflation Problem - reddit.com
As inflation gets worse and worse, ... it's not really working. Making it apply to all gear, at a less extreme rate, ... contact us; apps & tools;
Question about scarcity of Ethereum and it's inflationary or ...
The US Federal Reserve takes an interest in "Distributed Ledger ... The whitepaper mentions an inflation rate of between 0%-5% per year once Casper is deployed:
US National Debt Crisis Simplified! :) : funny - reddit.com
The USA is still one of the world's largest economy. ... With an inflation rate of 3.6% (that's the official rate, some sceptics put it closer to 10%), ...
overview for Ericwt - reddit.com
Honestly it makes me sick what has happened in the USA. None of this makes me happy. ... You did not include the real inflation rate and buying power in your figures.
Romanian inflation reaches record lows after a -3.5% drop in ...
jump to content. my subreddits. announcements Art AskReddit askscience aww blog books creepy dataisbeautiful DIY Documentaries EarthPorn explainlikeimfive food funny ...
Auto buying - cash or loan at less than rate of inflation ...
Auto buying - cash or loan at less than rate of inflation? ... I think that this deliberate thinking is what separates us from the non-frugal people, ...
Is investment advice based on "beat the inflation" misleading ...
Follow us on Twitter - @RedditIndia; ... My point is that the inflation rate that is officially released (taking into account prices of commodities) ...
Inflation falls across Europe, many states facing a negative ...
What is a reasonable interest rate for financing a used car ...
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but unless you get a 0% APR loan or under inflation rate (very rare?), aren't you by default paying more than the value of the car?
When is your mortgage interest rate high enough to pay it off ...
The US inflation rate varies between 1 to 5% . So a 5.25% interest rate would lose you money, since the rate of inflation is usually under that amount. However ...
What's your formula for financial independence ...
So that leaves us with yearly expenses, and percent saved. By being frugal, ... and why a .03 withdrawal rate covers inflation. .04, on average, lasts 30 years.
Why would a country like venezuela that is experiencing ...
The country is experiencing a high rate of inflation at 12% ... if a Rutland shilling was worth 10 US dollars and that was changed to 9 US dollars then that was ...
ELI5: The Inflation Fallacy : explainlikeimfive - reddit.com
I've read some articles (never any books, I don't have that kind of time) on the inflation fallacy, but I can never find anything that speaks to...
The Impending Global Negative Interest Rate Regime Bodes Well ...
Fine by us, your new interest rate is -0.2%" Thus the reserves will now cost the ... The Fisher equation gives us the real interest rate by accounting for inflation.
Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe says Australia not in world ...
Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe says Australia not in world of permanently lower inflation ... has led us to high levels of debt, low interest rates and sluggish ...
If There's No Inflation, Why Are Prices Up So Much? : Frugal
reddit: the front page of the internet. jump to content. my subreddits
Iran Says Inflation in Single Digits, First Time in Decades ...
What is Ethereum's scheduled inflation rate (coin emission ...
I don't think the inflation rate has been determined yet ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for Android; mobile website; buttons <3; reddit gold;
My friend believes that inflation is made up by the federal ...
The fed adjusts the amount of currency in circulation and the interest rates to battle both inflation and ... contact us; apps & tools; Reddit for iPhone; Reddit for ...
[Video] F-35 Lightning II: Busting Myths - Episode 2 ...
It has also been noted that if the US economy maintains it's current growth and average inflation rate, the United States economy will have generated more than 3 ...
What is Monero's inflation rate (coin emission rate) over ...
Will/would inflation simply continue on infinitely ...
Assuming that the economy keeps trucking at normal growth rate, will the value of our money continue to go down while wages continue to go up to...
Is it even worth getting a savings account when the interest ...
Inflation is the change in purchasing power of a dollar. Bank interest rate is usually based on the reserve bank rate, which is set higher or lower in order to ...
How to get rid of inflation? : paradoxplaza - reddit.com
I am currently playing as novgorod and I have a inflation of 16.9%. I wouldn't care about it but i got the mission "Restore the currency". How the...
US GDP grows by 2.9% in Q3 : Economics - reddit.com
Wall Street expect the US economy grew by an annualised rate of around 2.5% in July to September, ... over 2% inflation isn't enough to raise rates. (Run 'hot')
Bitcoin, the Key to fixing Inflation. : Bitcoin - reddit.com
Fractional Reserve Banking is possible with bitcoin also. That means there can be just as much inflation as with fiat. The limited number of tps will encourage the ...
Why everyone hates Inflation Theory? : cosmology
I have been hearing for a couple of months that the inflation theory, just as the string theory, is "the target drawn around the dart", but I...
What exactly is 'ELO inflation' : vainglorygame
Elo inflation is exactly what it sounds like. The value of elo decreases leading to poor matchmaking. It can be caused by multiple things: A bunch of new players ...
The Markets Say Inflation Is Coming. The Data Show It Isn't ...
> "The markets have the wrong narrative" on inflation, said David Rosenberg, chief investment strategist at Gluskin Sheff & Associates Inc., a...
Bond market worries about inflation, spending in a Trump ...
Inflation has been 1 per cent over the last year, outside the ...
Come join us on IRC! #redditaustralia on irc.freenode.net. ... news Inflation has been 1 per cent over the last year, ... hazarrr! rate cuts and more house price ...
Inflation calculation - I'm worried we're doing it wrong ...
Tell us what your tax situation looks like. 4 points · 10 comments . ... You can see the fed raising rates as inflation kept rising, trying to control the rate of ...
What's the deal with Lichess's rating inflation? : chess
Please continue to give us your feedback and suggestions on how we ... If there is truly rating inflation, ... it's happening at a slow enough rate that it shouldn't ...
Craig Smith: Financial Chaos and Inflation is Coming | AMTV ...
Unemployment Rate Falls Back to Pre-Recession Levels in November ... Financial Chaos and Inflation is Coming | AMTV ... contact us; apps & tools;
Options to make ST3 even better, faster, cheaper : SeattleWA
Join us to chat on Discord! Chat and voice via ... Whether or not this is true depends on each of those rates: interest, inflation and increase cost of construction.
What are the reasons why wages are not adjusted to inflation ...
aside from Corporate Greed, of course, that much is obvious, but other than Wealthy business owners holding the economy in a perpetual blackmail...
FAP EOM 1 question : actuary - reddit.com
Society of Actuaries (US) Casualty Actuarial Society (US) ... but it doesn't specifiy the values of the discount rate, the inflation rate and the contingency allowance.
Minimal historical bitcoin inflation at 8.07% on 2/28/2016 ...
Join us on IRC. chat.freenode.net # ... Minimal historical bitcoin inflation at 8.07% on 2/28/2016 ... So is this the daily inflation expressed as annualized rate?
With All Else Failing, Try Rate Hikes to Rescue the Economy ...
Here are the inflation rates for the US, the eurozone, and Japan over the last 10 years.
My bank just reduced the interest on my savings account to 0 ...
An savings account isnt an save storage unless its intrest is at minimum the real inflation rate of the currency the account ... (US treasuries, foreign currencies ...
Is inflation in of itself "bad?" Has there ever been periods ...
Inflation in and of itself is not bad, in fact, it's absolutely necessary. When economies go through long periods of time with no inflation, it's called stagflation ...
gold/gem inflation wtf?? : Guildwars2 - reddit.com
What is driving the current gold2gem inflation atm?? ... Gold-to-gem exchange rate is entirely player driven. ... contact us; apps & tools;
What could I invest in to stave off inflation and cost of ...
I-Bonds. Interest rate equal to inflation, no loss of principal with deflation, redeemable after 1 year for a small penalty of a couple months of interest This is ...
Is it true that Capitalism requires 5.5% unemployment ...
This rate just tells us about when the unemployment rate isn't pushing inflation either ... based upon the unemployment or inflation rate to keep both within ...
How exactly does inflation affect one's investments ...
Since inflation has been quite nonexistent in the recent past, I don't know how it would affect my investments. If we assume that the annual...
